LIMITED REFUND POLICY
Welcome to GamePay!
The terms of this Refund Policy govern the relationship between you (hereinafter you or
Customer) and one of the companies of the GamePay group (hereinafter GamePay or us or we)
regarding your purchase. Which company of the GamePay group of companies is a party to this
Refund Policy, concluded with a specific Customer, depends on the chosen method of
payment. The name and legal address of the company from GamePay which is a party to the
Refund Policy will be shown on the checkout page after you choose a payment method. In
addition, the name and address of the relevant company will be indicated in the receipt
provided to the Customer after the completion of a successful payment for the purchase.


1. Our Items

1.1 Software. GamePay provides you with a software which is delivered to you via internet
download only. You can purchase the following GamePay products: a) pre-order, b) subscription,
c) access to a game (via key or a registered game account), d) in-game currency, e) in-game
item, f) premium account (collectively the Software).

1.2 Physical goods. GamePay provides you with physical goods or merchandise, such as
playing cards, caps, or other goods (collectively Product) which GamePay sells as an
authorised distributor.

1.3 All types of purchases - Software and (or) Products collectively will be titled Items or
Order.

1.4 The Software and Products and its descriptions and specifications are provided to GamePay
by its partners (the Partner(s)). GamePay does not warrant the accuracy, reliability, or
completeness of such description or specification.

2. Ordering

2.1 By placing an Order with GamePay, you acknowledge that your transaction will be with us
and not with the Partner. You further acknowledge that upon successful verification by us of
the authenticity and sufficiency of the information you provide, we will then purchase the
Items from the Partner for the sole purpose of immediately reselling it to you for the amounts
presented and agreed-upon when you submitted your Order.

2.2 We will start processing your Order after your purchase has been approved. Orders are
typically processed instantly, but may take up to 2–5 days to complete depending on your
chosen payment method.

2.3 Once your Order has been processed, we will send you a confirmation email (if possible)
using the email address provided to us in your personal account or submitted to us by the
Partner.

2.4 This confirmation email will serve as your electronic purchase receipt and will contain
information about your Order. In the case that your purchase is for a Product, you will
receive a receipt first, and afterward we provide you with the Order confirmation email (see
Section 4.1 below). The contract between you and GamePay will only be formed when you
receive your Order confirmation email.
2.5 If it is unable to supply you with an Item (for example, because that Item is not in stock,
or no longer available, or because of an error in the price), GamePay will inform you of this by
email and we will not process your Order. If you have already paid for the Item, we will
refund you the full amount charged as soon as possible and will incur no further liability to
you.

3. Order Price

The price of your Order will be quoted including any applicable taxes and shipping costs
(except in circumstances where free shipping is offered) at the time of purchase and based
on the country data you provide.

4. Product Delivery

4.1 After the completion of a successful purchase for the Product, the shipment process will
be started. Once we receive a confirmation that the Product is ready for delivery, we will
send you additional information about the shipment and delivery (“Shipment Notification”).
The gap between payment for the Product and the receipt of a Shipment Notification may
take 2–5 days. Where such service is made available, the Shipment Notification will contain
a tracking number that will allow you to track the delivery of your Order.

4.2 Occasionally, the delivery of the Product may be affected by a cause or event outside of
our control, including but not limited to: strikes, lock-outs or other industrial action; civil
commotion, riot, invasion, terrorist attack or threat of terrorist attack; war (whether declared
or not) or threat or preparation for war; fire, explosion, storm, flood, earthquake, subsidence,
epidemic or other natural disaster or act of God; limited access to railways, shipping, aircraft,
motor transport or other means of public or private transport; limited access to public or
private telecommunications networks; the acts, decrees, legislation, regulations or
restrictions of any government. GamePay will not be responsible for any situations that affect the
delivery in the case that such situations are beyond GamePay’s control.

4.3 Delivery of the Product shall be completed when the Product will be delivered to the
address you provide.

4.4 Occasionally, part of an Order may be out of stock. The shipments of your Products will
only be made after the Products have arrived at the depot.

4.5 Products are shipped to you based on the information which you provide, and you are
responsible for the accuracy of such information. If any regulations are breached (including
but not limited to export/import regulations) due to inaccurate information provided by you,
then you are responsible for such a breach.

4.6 If you have any other questions about your order, shipping and/or delivery, please
contact us at info@example.com (marked “Order”).

5. Fraud Prevention

We are attentive to any facts that indicate the presence of fraud. We reserve the right to
deny access to our servers if we establish a fact pattern that indicates the illegal use of the
Software, or any other action aimed at obtaining the Software which the user is not entitled
to claim. Please note that Customers whose accounts are banned do not have the right to
demand the return of purchased Software or any other refund.
6. Refund Request

6.1 We are pleased to offer returns collection service to all Customers where the purchases
meet our Refund Policy.

6.2 The cancellation period starts from the date you receive your Item. You have 14 days
from receipt of your Item to inform us of your intention to return or exchange. For Products,
you then have a further 14 days to return it back to us. Returns outside this period may not
be accepted.

6.3 To request a refund you need to visit https://example.com/page and contact GamePay
customer support. Before sending a refund request, please note that:

   ●   There are some exceptions to the refund rules for the Software which are mentioned
       in the Refund condition section below.
   ●   You should take reasonable care of the Product prior to return. In particular, this
       means that you should not have used the Product and any tags, labels or protective
       packaging should not have been removed.
   ●   You should return the Product in suitable packaging to ensure it reaches us in good
       condition. To ensure that the Product reaches us in good condition and in accordance
       with this Refund Policy, we recommend that you use the original packaging that you
       received the Product in to return it to us.

IMPORTANT:

   ●   You should send the Product(s) back to the warehouse address indicated on the
       Order using the return label provided to you by GamePay.
   ●   Title and risk of loss are yours, and only transfer to us once the Product is received at
       the warehouse.
   ●   You are responsible for the shipping and handling costs associated with sending your
       cancelled Product(s) back (unless you have agreed to free shipping in individual
       cases).

7. Refund Conditions
   1. Item is not received – refund is allowed. In case of pre-orders, which have not been
      delivered yet, you may get a refund at any time up to the day of the game release;
      after the game is released general rules of refunds are applicable.
   2. Duplicate purchase (a transaction which has been made within 5 minutes of the last
      transaction for the same item):
          a. Subscriptions – refund is allowed;
          b. In-game currency, In-game items – refund is allowed if the purchase has not
              been redeemed;
          c. Products – refund is allowed if the purchase has not been shipped;
          d. Game keys – refund is not allowed;
          e. Pre-orders – refund is allowed until the playable content has been delivered.
   3. Forgot to deactivate a subscription – refund is not allowed.
   4. Problem with the Product – refund is allowed. In the case of technical problems that
      have arisen after a cooling-off period, or in the case that you have received an
      incorrect or faulty Product, you may get a refund in accordance with the legislation of
      your country.
   5. Purchase of in-game currency by mistake – refund is allowed if the purchase has not
      been redeemed.
   6. Technical problems with the Software – refund is not allowed (such issues must be
      reported directly to the vendor).
   7. General statements (such as “not what I thought”, or “I can't use this”)
           a. Products – refund is allowed;
           b. Subscriptions, In-game items, Game keys, Pre-orders – refund is not allowed.

IMPORTANT:

The main thing you should know about your purchase is that by starting using any Software
before the 14 days expiration from the purchase date you acknowledge that you will lose
your right to change your mind and request a refund. For example, you have purchased the
Software, paid for it and received the link for the downloading, or an email with the key for
the access to a game, etc. If you start downloading the Software on your computer or you
have entered the key to receive the Software before the 14 days expiration from the
purchase date that means that you waive your right to cancel the purchase.

8. Effects of Cancellation

8.1 Refunds can only be issued to the original payment method used for a payment, and you
will not incur any fees as a result of such reimbursement. It’s not possible to send a refund to
a different account (e.g., another card or bank account) unless there is a special case (e.g.,
expired or canceled cards, a problem with the account). In the case that you are required to
make a refund to a different destination (e.g. a non-refundable method was originally used),
fees from this charge are not returned.

8.2 Refunds may take up to 10 working days to appear in your account, depending on the
payment method to which it is being issued.

8.3 For cancellation reimbursements, we will make the reimbursement without undue delay,
and not later than:

       (i) Fourteen (14) days after we receive your cancelled and returned Item(s), or

       (ii) Fourteen (14) days after the day you provide evidence that you have returned the
       purchased Product(s). In some cases, we may not require you to send the Product
       back to us, such as if we consider the damage to be too serious, in which case we
       will simply refund your purchase.

8.4 If you choose to cancel, you must clearly inform us of your decision during the
сancellation period. To effectively cancel your order or part of your order, please reach the
Support team at https://example.com/page and detail 1) the date that the Order has been paid,
2) that date that the Order has been received, 3) the Item(s) being cancelled, 4) the Order
reference number, 5) your full name.

8.5 Products that have been shipped cannot be cancelled and will not be refunded until you
provide us with evidence that you have returned the purchased Product(s).

9. Limitation of Liability

9.1 GamePay does not exclude or limit in any way our liability to you where it would be unlawful
to do so. To the extent permitted by law, our total liability to you in respect of all other
foreseeable losses arising under or in connection with the EULA and this Refund Policy,
whether in contract, tort (including negligence), breach of statutory duty, or otherwise, shall
in no circumstances exceed the total price of a) the Items, or b) $150 USD, whichever is
less.

9.2 You agree not to use the Items for any commercial, business, or resale purposes, and
GamePay has no liability to you for any loss of profit, loss of business, business interruption, or
loss of business opportunity. GamePay only supplies the Items for domestic and private use. If
you use the Items for any commercial, business, or resale purpose, GamePay will have no
liability to you for any loss of profit, loss of business, business interruption, or loss of
business opportunity.

10. Representations and Warranties

10.1 GamePay represents and warrants to you that we will take all action necessary to solve
your issue in good faith. All refund disputes will be investigated, taking into account the
legislation of your country.

10.2 Please note that GamePay is not the developer of the Software, and cannot affect the
Software quality or guarantee that it will meet any of your expectations. The Software is
provided “as is” and on an “as available” basis without warranty or condition of any kind.

10.3 When making your decision to purchase a pre-order of a video game, please be aware
that the Software developer, and not GamePay, is solely responsible to complete the
development of the Software and to provide you with an operable version of the Software.

10.4 Any announcements, statements, and promises made by the Software developer in
regard to the Software, including but not limited to the contents, release date, accessibility of
the Software, are the developer's sole responsibility to fulfill. You should be aware of the
possible risk that the Software developer may fail to deliver the Software in good quality, or
on time, or may otherwise be unable to meet your expectations, even if those expectations
are based on announcements, statements, or promises made by the developer themselves.
In all such cases, claims and refund requests are to be made directly to the Software
developer.

11. Disputes

11.1 This Refund Policy (as well as the EULA) are governed by the laws applicable in the
State of California and shall be construed accordingly, without prejudice to any other
imperative provision of law more favorable to the customer applicable in the country of
habitual residence of the customer.

11.2 Mindful of the high cost of legal dispute, not only in dollars but also in time and energy,
both you and GamePay agree to the following dispute resolution procedure: In the event of any
controversy, claim, action, or dispute arising out of or related to any Item purchase, or the
breach, enforcement, interpretation, or validity of this Refund Policy and (or) EULA or any
part of it ("dispute"), the party asserting the dispute shall first try in good faith to settle such
dispute by providing written notice to the other party by registered mail describing the facts
and circumstances (including any relevant documentation) of the dispute, and allowing the
receiving party 30 days from the date of mailing to respond to the dispute. Notice shall be
sent to: GamePay, 123 45 Ventura Boulevard, Suite 2230, Sherman Oaks, CA 123 45, USA.

11.3 Unless you indicate otherwise in your notice, GamePay shall respond to your notice using
your last-used billing address or the billing and/or shipping address that we have.

11.4 In the event that GamePay is unable to resolve the dispute, you and GamePay both agree that
the parties shall resolve their dispute through binding arbitration in Los Angeles, California,
before a single arbitrator. The arbitration shall be administered by JAMS pursuant to its
Streamlined Arbitration Rules and Procedures, and the arbitrator shall apply the laws
applicable in the State of California. The arbitration shall proceed solely on an individual
basis without the right for any claims to be arbitrated on a class action basis. You hereby
waive your right to a class action lawsuit.
12. Privacy Statement

We are committed to protecting the privacy of our Customers. For information on how
information is collected, used, or disclosed by us in connection with your purchase, please
consult our Privacy Policy.

13. Contact Details

If you have any further questions or concerns related to our Refund Policy, please feel free
to contact our Customer Support at https://example.com/page for more information.

Last Updated: March 19, 2021